docs: propagation and packaging (#22)
Alzymologist/yeast: doc/packaging.md

# Yeast packaging for sale

version = "0.2.0"

## Overview

This protocol outlines packaging of small yeast containers for sale

## Prerequisites

> - Vessels with 250ml of inoculated wort with yeast in mature plato state (preferrably Erlenmeyer flasks)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Vessels with 250 ml of inoculated wort with yeast in mature stationary state (preferably Erlenmeyer flasks)
```

- Sterile containers
- Sterile transfer kit
- Sterile water, approximately 1/5 of total yeast suspension volume
- Labels, bags, and other packaging components

> ## Procedure

Reviewer: steps either all with punctuation or neither

1. Let yeast settle; if this is unreasonably slow, facilitate it by rapid cooling
2. Open the vessel with yeast (keep cover clean), flame the opening, pour out as much liquid as possible into an open sanitized container for QA, flame the opening of container with sediment

> 3. Add 50ml of sterile water to yeast sediment and flame the opening; cap the vessel with the same cover and re-suspend caked yeast into paste by gentle swirling motion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add 50 ml of sterile water to yeast sediment and flame the opening; cap the vessel with the same cover and re-suspend caked yeast into paste by gentle swirling motion
```
